First version of Databricks SCIM preview implementation. (#64)
edmunds/databricks-rest-client: README.md

- Instance Profiles Service

> - SCIM (preview mode, subject to changes)

Reviewer: can we raise the middle pom semantic version for this change?

Author: I thought that versioning is done automatically by the release plugin - should I change something in the  pom.xml  file?

Reviewer: so versioning update is done automatically for the patch version (smallest number). But for semantic versioning changes that has to be done manually. In this case, this is a full feature addition, so to help users who will in the future depend on SCIM api, we want to make sure its easy to track which version it was released on.

So all you need to do is change the pom version from 2.4.2-SNAPSHOT to 2.5.1-SNAPSHOT

In order for the integration tests to run, you must
have a valid token for the user in question.
Here is how to set it up: [Set up Tokens](https://docs.databricks.com/api/latest/authentication.html)

> Note: In order to run the SCIM integration tests your user should hava admin rights

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: In order to run the SCIM integration tests your user should have admin privileges
```

Author: good catch :)
